Beam search is a technique that allows
you to find the best sequences over
a fixed window size
known as the beam with.
Since taking the output with the highest
probability at each time step is
not ideal.
I will show you how to
use beam search instead.
So far the methods I've presented only
consider word probabilities one at a time.
These ways of sampling might not result
in the highest probability sequences and
the sentence is produced Using
these methods could not make sense.
The overall most probable
translation given an input
sentence is not necessarily the most
probable word at each step.
For example, it's possible that choosing
the most probable words at the start of
the sequence could lead to
a worse translation compared to
choosing in other words.
If you had infinite computational power,
you could calculate
the probabilities of every possible
output sentence and choose the best one.
In the real world we use beam search.
This method attempts to find the most
likely outsports sentence by choosing some
number of best sequences based on
conditional probabilities at each
time step.
Now at each time step with beam search
you have to calculate the probability of
potential sequences given the outputs
of the previous time step.
To avoid computing the probability for
every possible sequence you have
armature beam called the beam width.
At each step, you only keep the most
probable sequences and drop all others.
You generate a new word until all be most
probable sentences and with the US token.
So beam search consumes
a lot of memory and
could be computationally costly
depending on your choice for beam.
As an interesting side note,
greedy decoding is just a particular
case of beam search where you set
the beam with B to be equal to 1.
To illustrate this method,
consider a small vocabulary consisting
of the words I am hungry and
an end of sentence token.
And let's say the beam
with B is equal to 2.
As with the other methods beam search
starts with the start of sentence
token and gets the probabilities for
the first word in the sequence.
Here I has a probability of 0.5,
am has a probability of 0.4 and
hungry has a probability of 0.1 and
in the eos is at 0.
Since the beam with is 2 you keep
the two highest probabilities I and am.
Then you calculate the conditional
probability of all other words
Given the two sequences that
you have kept so far I and am.
Given the word I, the model returns
am with a probability of 0.5 and
hungry with 0.3.
Given the words am,
the model returns the probability of word
I with a probability of 0.7 and
hungry with a probability of 0.2.
These are the two conditional
probabilities given the two previous
sequences of B of word 2 given word 1.
Next you calculate the probability
by multiplying the conditional
probability for 2 given the word I
with the probability of words I.
For instance if the sequence
of II has a probability of 0.5
times 0.1 this is equal to 0.05.
The sequence I am has a probability of
0.5 times 0.5 which is equal to 0.25.
You have to do the same with
the sequences starting with the word am.
Here the sequence MI has a probability
of 0.4 times 0.7 which is equal to 0.28.
At this point there is possible sequences
but with the beam width B=2 you only
keep the two sequences with
the highest probabilities.
So you keep the sequence I am and
am I and drop all others.
Then for the next step you use am as
the inputs were to get the conditional
probabilities for the I am sequence and
I for the am I sequence.
You repeat the process to calculate
the joints probabilities and
again choose the best sequence.
This process stops with the model
predicts an end of sentence token for
all, be most probable sequences.
At the end, the sequence with the largest
probability is chosen as the outputs.
To get the conditional probabilities at
each step you have to use your model.
For now let's focus on the decoder parts
of the model ignoring the encoder and
attention mechanism.
At the start of the sequence
you will use your decoder to as
a vector of probabilities for
each of the words and the vocabulary.
This is equivalent to computing
the conditional probability
of every word given
the start of sequence token.
Then you select the most probable
B outputs from the model and
discard all other possibilities.
After that you use your model B times to
find the conditional probabilities of
all the words in the vocabulary
given the sequences that you kept in
the previous step.
Then you compute the sequence probability
and keep the B most probable sequences.
And you keep doing this until the B
most probable sequences gets to
the end of the sequence token.
Notes that at each step after
the one where your sequence is
only composed by the SOS token you
have to run your model B times.
The vanilla version of beam
search has some disadvantages.
For instance,
it penalizes the choice of long wear
sequences because the probability
of a sequence is computed as the product
of multiple conditional probabilities.
However, you could normalize the
probability of each sequence by its number
four is to avoid this problem.
Beam search also requires you to store
the b most probable sequences and
computes conditional probabilities
given all of those sequences.
Therefore, this method could be
computationally expensive and
consumes lots of memory.
You have a new tool that you can add to
your toolkit beam search has been widely
used for quiet a period of time and
is still used a lot.
In the next video, I will show you
another technique that you can use,
known as NBR, or minimum based risk.